Test coverage or code coverage is the
number of lines of our source code that
is tested when our unit tests are run
against the source code.
This includes conditional statement
looping statement the number of
parameters that we pass into a method
the type of parameters we pass into the
method and everything that has to do
with our source code we measure code
coverage using tools, these to run our tests
against the source code and will give us
the percentage of code coverage and will also
show us which lines of source code are
tested which lines are not tested and
which need more testing for example here
is the ifelse block wherein we do a
money transfer if there is money in the
account and we will a throw an exception if
there is no sufficient funds if for some
reason we have only tested the if
portion and because of our lazinesswe dint
test the else portion of it we didn't
write a unit test method for this else
portion then we run test coverage tools
they will pinpoint as to show that this
particular piece is tested to show this
piece in green and it will show this
piece in red because it scans through our code
as the tests are run it will look at which
lines of source code are being executed and
which are not being executed kind of
enlyzes at our code time there are
several open source tools starting with
eclipse Emma which uses the  Jacoco open
source library Cobertura is
another famous open source tool that
measures unit test coverage then we have
Jtest as well. All these tools can be easily
integrated into our continuous
integration and build process for
example we can integrate it with Jenkins
and we can easily make them a part of
our build process like Maven, ANT
or ANT builds. These build these tools at the end of it when they use these tools
internally they will generate beautiful reports of
code coverage which can be published on to
Jenkins dashboard or any other build tool  or
continuous integration tools dashboard
and our management and architects can log in
and see how much tests or coverage we are
maintaining on each of our projects or
how good we are writing our unit tests.
These tools also provice plugins for
various Ides in the next lecture we'll be
installing the eclipse Emma or ACL Emma
old coverage plug-in in eclipse and
we'll be measuring test coverage using ECL Emma.